Update Ibexa Cloud conf when upgrading to 4.6.8+ (#2488)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/update_and_migration/from_4.5/update_from_4.5.md

composer dump-autoload
```

> ### Ibexa Cloud
> 
> Update Platform.sh configuration for PHP 8.3.
> 
> Generate new configuration with the following command:
> 
> ```bash
> composer ibexa:setup --platformsh
> ```
> 
> Review the changes applied to `.platform.app.yaml` and `.platform/`,
> merge with your custom settings if needed, and commit them to Git.
> 

Author: To avoid having wrong VCL, instead of re-generating everything, one could just edit manually for PHP.

````suggestion
### Ibexa Cloud

Update Platform.sh configuration for PHP 8.3.

Edit `.platform.app.yaml` and increase PHP version to 8.3 in the application type:

```diff
- type: php:8.1
+ type: php:8.3
```

````
